it peels the years back and I had a
little bit of puffiness there on my eyes
everything is gone
it just takes years off your face people
stopped me on the street and go your
skin it is so beautiful look better
younger refreshed and healthy no
facelift required in less than one hour
the cool laser can turn back the hands
of time that brings out your healthy
skin back to the way it was supposed to
be coolaser is the ideal treatment for
removal of freckles discolorations sun
damage fine lines deep lines and it's
great to tighten the skin dr. Simon
ourian runs one of the busiest medical
practices in Beverly Hills his
experience and expertise with laser
technology produce incredible results
with minimal risk if you want to race
sun damage dark circles veins cool
lasers the best way to do it and I'd be
on is the only place to have it done dr.
Simon had a hand in inventing cool laser
so nobody knows how to do it better than
him the process is fast and simple first
a numbing cream is applied to the target
area then dr. ourian focuses a
state-of-the-art laser on scars wrinkles
dark circles or age spots to minimize
their appearance the advantage of the
cool laser is that it's so thin and so
precise and I can you can get very close
to the areas that we want to and avoid
this the healthy skin the areas that we
want to avoid the cool laser uses a beam
of light energy to work its magic
vaporizing the upper layers of damaged
skin collagen is rejuvenated bringing
back the smooth soft look of youth your
body goes into an overproduction of
collagen so your skin starts to look
more firm tighter and it starts to give
you the appearance of a facelift by
giving you a nice upward lifting up to
your face I have very sensitive skin but
it was done so quickly and so fast that
you really don't notice just kind of
peels off the top layer that regenerates
your skin and it gets the collagen
building up again so it's really nice
most patients say the cool laser
procedure is not painful
I had no actual pain with the procedure
at all and within a couple of days my
skin started to peel and the skin
underneath was younger fresher tighter
and people noticed a difference right
away it was a little painful for me but
the ultimately the results fabulous it
felt a little bit like I guess it would
be like little rubber bands slapping
against my skin really quickly um it was
over before I even knew it when it was
over I thought oh that was then after
the procedure patients are sent home
with a special cream to soothe reddened
skin that's the most common side effect
of cool laser and usually occurs on the
first day of treatment days later some
healing may occur but by day for
spectacular rejuvenated skin is ready to
face the world
I went home it felt a little bit like a
sunburn for a few days and applied some
ointment to my face applied some clean
towels to my face and then pretty much
in about four or five days it was over
and my skin was pink and I started
seeing this newer healthier skin come to
the surface I wanted to look how I felt
I felt that I was looking in the mirror
looking more tired than I really was
within three or four days after
procedure I just saw what rested me
patience with all skin types swear by
the long lasting results of the cool
laser treatments they received at epyon
when I came into the consult with them
they reassured me of all the different
fears that I had of all the different
things that I read that this particular
laser is nothing like any other other
lasers that I've seen or read about and
it's completely appropriate for Asian
skin and I would definitely recommend it
for other skin types like my own I know
that that is an issue the darker you are
and and I it just wasn't a real big
concern for me now with a cool laser I
can treat people of all skin types all
skin colors and the recovery time is a
lot shorter you can most people can go
back to work within a few days in the
past skin rejuvenation options were more
invasive required anesthesia and weeks
or months of recovery they really made
me feel comfortable and really just gave
me the confidence that this is the place
I would like to be to have this done
patients receive the treatments in the
spa like atmosphere of eppy own in
Beverly Hills the experienced and
talented staff make the consultation
process and the procedure feel relaxing
and even luxurious the atmosphere the
environment is very relaxing and I love
the fact that they are concerned about
you and they tell you how to take care
of your skin
step by step even if you've never heard
of coolaser and you don't you may not
know what questions to ask the
consultant can actually give you
information so that you can make an
educated decision patients who have
benefited from a cool laser treatment
say it's changed not only their makeup
routine and skincare regimen but the way
they feel about themselves I don't have
to wear base every day or powder every
day you know my skin as long as I put
sunscreen on it just looks flawless the
absolute best part about having the
treatment was in fact not necessarily
the hour change although those were
dramatic beyond my expectations the more
dramatic result was the way I felt about
myself afterwards it was an enormous
change what I really love especially is
when I catch my reflection in something
and I just love the way I look that's a
great feeling so it makes me feel great
makes me feel younger when I hit 50 I
thought you know it's time to do
something and it was just a great idea I
want to age gracefully sort of a little
help
you